hey folks welcome back to the Eric
Metaxas show bunker style we are all in
our bunkers as you know you can probably
hear it on our microphones if you're
listening on radio if you're watching us
on video which I hope you might go to
our YouTube channel Eric Metaxas show
you can see what we look like you can
see what we have or haven't done with
our hair you can see what rooms were in
all kinds of embarrassing stuff that
under normal circumstances thanks for
this pandemic you can really see behind
the scenes I have the great privilege
now as I mentioned earlier to talk to my
friend Molly Hemingway she's a senior
editor at The Federalist Molly I'm just
so glad to get you on here today thanks
for being with us it's great to be here
with you and I only would refer to hair
and stuff like that if if you looked
good you know what I mean because a lot
of times people come on here and it's
obvious that they didn't know that they
were being videotaped Albin I'm not
talking about you I swear so Molly you
are constantly you're a real reporter I
just want to know in general what do you
make of what's going on there are a
number of things I want to touch on with
you but right now today is what
Wednesday what what do you think is
happening right now where are we in the
nation well that is an extremely big
question and I'm not quite quite sure
what to think of all of it it's been
such a crazy couple of months and when
it comes to how the media are handling
the last couple of months I don't think
they've been up to the job and part of
that is just maybe fear or yeah fear
about what they've been going through
with the global pandemic it might also
be well obviously the they're not well
suited to handle moments of crisis
there's not a lot of context or nuance
in reporting and there never has been
frankly but then this particular moment
we're in of the orange man bad moment
everything is wrapped up in a desire to
somehow harm Donald Trump that's a
really bad combination for good
reporting in a global pandemic because
it just colors literally everything
about federal response state responses
or responses everything has to be viewed
through the prism of defeating Donald
Trump in the November election and so it
makes it very difficult to kind of trust
what people are saying in the right I
mean if you ever wanted to see the
Craven s of the journalistic class on
parade really see it clearly this
pandemic is a blessing it's like solving
for x suddenly everything's on one side
of the equation you can see the perfect
value of X I'm talking algebra and what
I'm seeing actually the most horrific
aspect of it I mean if you really want
to look at it the idea that the New York
Times and the Atlantic which used to be
you know left-leaning but reputable
journalists at Corgan's the idea that
they would openly side with China a
communist enemy of freedom around the
world and certainly of ours against this
president who by the way was not elected
by his base but by the American people
we elected him president in case anybody
you know wonders how he got there that
to me is the most dramatic and
horrifying thing well it shows it really
isn't just about Trump in this case you
know CNN had a story today about how
China has handled the pandemic better
than the United States has by being
authoritarian the Atlantic as you
mentioned had that call to limit free
speech more in line with the way China
limits free speech the New York Times
followed up and said yes we need to
restrict First Amendment freedoms in
order to tackle global pandemics I think
it's actually not completely surprising
that some progressives would seek to
control speech at a time like this
because they seek to control speech at
other times as well and this presents a
better opportunity but it is a huge wake
up call I mean so you it's just as an
average American you think about what
you're going through you're trying to
handle a global pandemic you're trying
to deal with economic catastrophe you
have all sorts of social problems like
children being out of school and you
know just the loneliness which already
is a problem becoming worse
and then you also have threats to civil
liberties First Amendment rights being
trampled left and right but the one that
seems to be okay is freedom of the press
but the press at the same time are
saying we should restrict speech we
should restrict right to assembly we
definitely need to restrict right to
worship and so there are all these major
crises going on at the same time it's a
lot to handle for just yeah reach
citizen I think people are willing to
handle things on a temporary basis the
longer this drags out particularly the
longer it drags out with none of what we
were told would happen coming even close
to happening I think we're gonna I hope
we're gonna start seeing a little bit
more critical thinking about some of the
measures that have taken place well I'm
I'm marvel at your level-headedness that
my instinct is just to foam at the mouth
and and and flail at the air in front of
me I am after decades
canceling my subscription to The New
York Times I simply cannot believe what
I have seen this is you know tantamount
to siding with Hitler when you cannot
understand the gravity of the situation
and and be a grown-up and and try to see
what this administration is trying to do
on behalf of the American people when
you can only see through partisan eyes
to this extent I mean they've been doing
this for for for a while but this is a
new low honestly I simply cannot believe
that that the the cultural elites even
now even when they're forced to see what
you would think or I should say even
when I would think that they would be
forced to see some fundamentals they're
not seeing them and they are to use the
cliche doubling down on what we feared
they believed I do agree it's worse but
I think it's also worth remembering that
the New York Times does not have a
particularly good track record on some
major issues I mean they were apologists
for communists in Russia for the Soviet
Union and you know the Walter Durante
situation where their reporter was just
feeding propaganda to American readers
for
many years there was also their problem
of downplaying the Holocaust or failing
to mention it or cover it while it was
going on and it being the paper of
record it's important that they have a
good track record yes more recently
their problems have been more you know
obviously they say they changed their
entire newsroom to push the rush
collusion story but I'm sorry you know
what let me cut you off I forgot this is
the segmented segment folks we'll be
right back with Molly Hemingway folks
welcome back as you know I'm talking to
Molly Hemingway senior editor at the
federal list in in other words a real
journalist Molly you were just telling
us with such equanimity that I'm in awe
of you that the track record of the New
York Times you were reminding us that in
fact they have been scum cash for like
about a century at least they downplayed
the Holocaust
Walter durante was feeding us Soviet
propaganda during Stalin's times all
kinds of really really grotesque
oversights on their part so forgive me
for having thought that this was
something new well and that's the bad
news
the there was also a lot of good news
about how the New York Times had been
covering things I mean it really was a
paper that Americans could count on to
cover global issues and you know they
were they did suffer at the hands of
China there they've had their reporters
kicked out recently so there it's not
that they're all bad or that all they're
all their coverage is not to be trusted
it's just worth remembering that they
have had some blind spots in the past
that are just very very serious and the
Holocaust and Soviet oppression are two
of those but more recently you know
they've also had some really bad they've
done really bad jobs on things that are
very important whether it's the Brett
Kavanaugh confirmation and how they
handle the accusations against him the
Russia collusion conspiracy theory that
they claim they built their newsroom
around to peddle that and it was all
completely false so they have a problem
and you are not unwise to recognize that
problem but it's a it's a much longer
history well I mean look I guess it's
one thing
in the 1930s to get things wrong but in
this day and age we have a level of you
know reach because of the internet
because of the global situation in which
we find ourselves in technology to see
things that we never could have seen I
mean if somebody if the Soviet Union
wants to put up a Potemkin village and
fool you you know they they have they
have the ability to do that they don't
are our enemies don't have the ability
to do that nearly as well today so this
is why I don't well it do I mean China
has so much power and so many media
companies are in bed with China and the
Chinese Communist government sort of has
the best of both worlds both being
centrally commanding everything but also
having a very large market and they
really are able to wield that power
against American companies including
media companies I mean it's not it's not
a good situation but it's not totally
it's not that they don't also have
challenges and how do how to report on
China without angering a very powerful
country and communist government I know
it's it's a funny thing you know people
talk about giving blood during this time
I wish I could give you know parts of my
spine to folks at places like the New
York Times and Google because it seems
to me you just need a little courage to
see what's at stake and even Google the
Ericsson video tell us about that
because because I was a standard I
didn't see the the details of it until I
watched tucker carlson last night his
opening segment he covered it right so
these two ER Doc's give a press
conference in their locality which is
Bakersfield California where they talk
about their analysis of the Cova 19
situation and why they think that the
lockdown is not in order anymore and you
couldn't there's plenty that you could
disagree with about these doctors
including how they extrapolated data
from small populations into large
populations but what is utterly
terrifying is that after five million
people watched it began thinking
about responses to pandemics and whatnot
the the video was removed so that nobody
could see it or respond to it you know I
mean the thing about ideas is you put
them out there and if they need to be
tested they get to be tested by other
people this is a free society where this
is supposed to happen but we have all
these tech corporations that are
deciding that they will they will decide
what you can listen to what you can
think what you can what you can respond
to and they viewed that because this was
so outside of the sort of World Health
Organization consensus not even that it
was that far outside he wasn't they had
to be shut down and for people's
protection you had to limit this speech
now this is part of a pattern of control
that is very disconcerting a minute
it's been going on for many years for me
when they refused to name the
whistleblower who was involved in
setting up the impeachment that was
really that was really terrifying that
they would do that they would like
actually black out his name or white out
his name and me talking about Google or
the times who are we talking about well
there were various tech companies like
YouTube wouldn't let the name be shown
and media companies all decided that
they wouldn't talk about this publicly
known name even after it was reported
and you know just from big to small
people people engaging in censorship
that you would more associate with
Soviet Union then United States of
America well I guess the question is I
mean you're a real journalist so I think
you understand this better than most of
us I was never quite clear on why it was
so terrible that they were unwilling to
reveal the whistleblower I feel like I
never quite got it well you never
understood why you thought why it's a
bad thing that they know something about
it was never clear to me what was it
that was so surprising about that well
for instance you have a United States
Senator on the floor of the Senate
saying a name that people all decide you
cannot say and it's unclear why you
can't say the name and it's it's public
record it's I mean couldn't be more
public than a senator on the floor of
the Senate
or a legitimate news organization
reporting that it's believed that it's
this particular person there is this
idea I guess that like one person in
America gets to be protected from
repercussions of actions even though
that person is a taxpayer-funded
individual it's it's absurd but it
happened and it happened on a large
scale up to and including the Chief
Justice of the Supreme Court refusing to
say his name initially and it's just not
healthy for the Republic
what was that during the hearings that
Roberts refused to say anything exactly
during the impeachment hearings he
refused to read a question that included
the name even though this person was
undeniably involved and that the
question was legitimate yeah Robert
strikes me as one of these people who
goes a little too far out of his way to
seem objective or not partial and that's
that's the classic it's the classic case
it was crazy
who is the senator who named the
whistleblower Francom okay so yes and in
other words what part of what I'm
getting is that you're saying that the
media decides to go against a u.s.
senator effectively to blot him out
because they don't agree with his agenda
we're gonna go to a break folks talking
to Molly
Hemingway this hour and in the next hour
don't go away hey folks this is the
final segment of our one happily we have
our two and Molly Hemingway has agreed
to stay on with us Molly we're talking
about so much right now are you aware of
what happened recently with Governor
Cuomo in New York
allowing kovat patients to be sent back
to two nursing homes well yes I know
that first of all that that's the
nursing homes are the area where people
are most vulnerable but a lot of deaths
in New York as well as other places have
been in nursing homes and Cuomo recently
said that he was not aware of the policy
from his government that people with
koban 19 should be sent back to nursing
homes
although there seems to be some evidence
that that's not quite right okay
we just had John's Mirek on who is
reporting on that he's written an
article about it at the stream and it's
it's really horrifying obviously because
the one thing that we know we must do is
protect those vulnerable populations in
other words we've done all kinds of
things and you know we've we've wielded
scalpels to deal with in some cases
mosquito bites and yet in this case
there's a mosquito bite that were it
seems like we're avoiding treating or at
least Cuomo is that's just something I
wanted to follow up on I want to go back
to China and wh oh I am I'm aghast
really that that we ever funded the
w-h-o in recent years because they
seemed clearly to be mouthpieces for for
the Chinese leadership do you suppose
that we will take a harder stand on that
or were is this something that we just
are going to continue to look the other
way
one might wish that there would be more
accountability for the massive amounts
of taxpayer dollars that are sent in the
direction of the World Health
Organization it is just an objective
reality that they are supposed to be
handling global pandemics and they did a
very poor job of this in part because of
their close ties to China I don't
actually understand why those ties are
so close given that United States and is
is responsible for such a large portion
of their budget and China is not really
at all well isn't it just what we used
to call corruption it's good
old-fashioned corruption in other words
anything associated with the UN or
anything that's happening you know
that's officially global certainly
doesn't have my buy-in as an American I
have not been ever convinced that you
know bureaucrats in Brussels or or
anyone claiming to speak globally should
should have the authority to do that it
just seems to me like a strange thing
that we would kind of assume that they
would have our best interests at heart
well it's just interesting we're at a
time when we're having these big debates
about globalization versus national
interest
this should be a moment for people who
really believe in global governance to
shine a global pandemic that crosses
borders and yet what's really happening
I think is people think through ok this
is why nations have borders this is why
they need to enforce those borders this
is why they need to care about their own
national interests because you couldn't
have a better example of what
globalization is supposed to accomplish
than the World Health Organization and
they have had you know they have had
successes in their past but just a
complete failure at the moment when they
are most needed and every nation pretty
much immediately reverted to saying okay
we've got to we got to work on our own
citizens have our borders and in control
and focus on our own national interest
well I guess I can't help thinking about
the the UN peacekeepers raping the
people they were supposed to be
protecting in other words I have lost
all confidence in anything having to do
with the UN or the w-h-o or
organizations of that nature we can
continue conversation the fun
conversation about corruption on a
global level when we come back we're
talking to Molly Hemingway in our - and
also to the actress folks diane ladd
will be with us please stick around we
are under federal guidelines to call it
our - you and I both know you can listen
to it anytime you want you can listen to
our - before our 1 just don't let the
federal authorities know that you've
done it because they will get to you I
have the joy of continuing my
conversation with Molly Hemingway of the
Federalist Molly welcome back great to
be here with you it would be fun to talk
about Joe Biden just because it's always
fun to talk about Joe Biden we can talk
about corn pop we can talk about the
razors that we used to use in those days
the straight razors what are you
thinking these days about Joe Biden I
think he's actually in a very difficult
position it's hard to campaign when
there are no chances to have any public
events from donor events to rallies on
the other hand he kind of seemed like he
wanted to be off the public stage I was
gonna say doesn't it read down to his
benefit that he can't it's it's kind of
like he can't make gaffes there are
garden there's a guardrail called the
shutdown and he
he can cannot drive off the cliff yes
that's the benefit but the downside is
primaries are being canceled he can't
have that slow drip or the momentum
building that leads you to a convention
which is a big part of generating
enthusiasm and getting voters on board
and then also he has this issue of a
sexual assault allegation coming out
against him you know as he's trying to
secure all the delegates he needs to
wrap up the nomination I have to say it
will probably surprise some people I
have you know a confused reaction to the
sexual assault allegations because this
the kind of same thing that seems to
happen all the time that that
allegations come out and it's become
just a political weapon in other words
the idea that this woman is bringing
something up that happened almost three
decades ago I say as someone who does
not I'm not a fan of Joe Biden but it
does seem you know bizarre to me that
you say nothing for all this time or
that you you don't speak about it
publicly when it happens because you
have respect out of respect for the
senator that's what she said at the time
and then she brings it up now it seems
completely plausible but it's just we're
living in such confused times I don't
know what to make of it in other words I
want to be fair in the sense that when
they bring this up against Cavanaugh at
the last minute now the difference is in
the Cavanaugh case it was complete
nonsense but even when it's true when
it's it's from so long ago I just think
that we've really devolved into the to
the ugliest basest way of conducting of
you know politics right I think that's
absolutely correct and it's important
that people understand that when
accusations are made they accused is
presumed innocent until such time as the
evidence makes you reach a different
conclusion whether that's happening in a
court of law or just in your own
critical thinking but it's very
important that we understand due process
and presumption of innocence what is
fascinating is that we have a media who
seem to
have rediscovered this in that they are
working so hard to defend illnesses of
their defense lawyers Joe Biden against
this accusation coming from a former
employee of his he may not be guilty and
he should be presumed innocent but the
media are definitely guilty in how
they're covering this and I think it was
just not even two years ago when they
through every standard of due process or
decency out the window in an attempt to
not just keep Brett Kavanaugh from from
being confirmed to the United States
Supreme Court but to destroy his very
life you know this is a father a husband
he has young daughters and media all
engaged in it in a group activity in an
attempt to destroy his life so then when
you see with Joe Biden someone puts
forth an accusation that this is not a
high bar by any stretch of the
imagination but is a stronger accusation
than the one levied against Brett
Kavanaugh in that she actually met the
person she's accusing she has evidence
that she told people at the time of the
alleged incident and there's actually
quite a bit of evidence that she
definitely told people in the early 90s
that this happened that is so much
stronger than anything that happened
with Brett Kavanaugh where his accuser
had no evidence that she'd ever met him
and the four witnesses that she named
all said they had no idea what she was
talking about her best friend from
childhood said I actually don't believe
her story you know she had a history of
saying false things like she was afraid
to fly when she's not and when she was
like flying all the time so that she
could avoid coming out to DC to give her
testimony so the media had no trouble at
all not just believing Christine Blasi
Ford but using her story to destroy a
man that they didn't like but with Joe
Biden a man that they clearly have
political affinity for with a stronger
story from someone who at least told
people at the time and has evidence that
she met him there like I don't really
believe this one well that's that's fine
if they hadn't done what they had done
to Brett Cabin on just two years ago
they weaponize the me2 movement and it's
so obvious and is so disgusting actually
that they need to be held accountable
for it oh yeah I know that I mean and
this is of course what we should be
focusing on is
the the the sickening double standard in
a free culture to have a press that is
so biased that they're unwilling even to
ask him I mean I don't know how many
morning programs he was on this past
Sunday from whatever bunker he's in it
is hilarious to me that none of them was
willing to broach this utterly
legitimate at this point subject with
him if only to give him an opportunity
to defend himself or to say something
well not just that when Kerry Submarino
and I wrote our book justice on trial
about the Kavanagh confirmation we
interviewed so many people who were
involved in the story including people
who are not public but who publicly
defended Brett Kavanaugh people who were
friends in high school or college or
that type of person they received so
much animosity from the media for
speaking out in defense of their friend
Brett Kavanaugh that they all told us
horrifying stories about what that was
like
meanwhile you have former senator
Hillary Clinton former presidential
candidate endorsing Joe Biden and former
President Obama endorsing Joe Biden
nobody's asking any tough questions of
these people you know they're not they
are people who are used to or should be
used to having been asked tough
questions all those senators who are in
Joe Biden's party they could be asked a
ton of tough questions Nancy Pelosi no
questions none at all or they're phrased
in such a way as to just be perfunctory
at the end of an interview like would
you like to dismiss this story from
Terry Joe Biden's accuser would be happy
to help you do that they're nothing like
the media onslaught that Brett Kavanaugh
and his advocates faced why I feel like
and that's a that's a great point tell
us the title again of you the book with
Kevin Carey Severino justice on trial
the Cavanaugh confirmation and the
future of the Supreme Court we have
people who are interested in my
interview with you and carry on that
they can look at our YouTube page the
Eric Metaxas show very important
conversation that we had together some
months ago and very very important book
justice on trial um I just want to ask
you it seems to me that the Tara Reid
accusations are almost a welcome
distraction from the actual campaign of
Joe Biden in other words I can
imagine that at this point he is a
viable candidate he seems like a husk he
seems like someone who every time he
speaks just becomes lost in his own
sentences I still have this conspiracy
theory that the party mandarins the
elders are eventually going to figure
out a way to push him aside and to
replace him with someone whom they think
can beat Trump it's not an insane
thought I mean when you look at how much
they tried not to get behind him only
doing so when it was down to him versus
Bernie Sanders then he finally did Obama
and everybody else say okay we gotta
push this guy over the finish line but
they didn't want to and so the problem
with pushing him aside now is that you
still have a Bernie Sanders problem and
I'm not sure they want to go down that
road but you have to just think sensibly
yes Trump is vulnerable and yes a lot of
people don't want to vote for him and
they'll vote for a you know cornhusk
of anybody but they say it might not who
knows I don't know what they'll do but
I'm sure the Democratic Party is not
elated by what's going on we're gonna
we're gonna go to we're gonna go to a
break folks we will be back for another
long segment with Molly
Hemingway I know you won't go away I'm
not even gonna ask you not to go away
because why would you hey folks I want
to recommend a new book to you that I've
recently read entitled reflections on
the existence of God by Richard e
Simmons this book is a collection of
short essays focusing on life's biggest
questions how did we get here
where do we find meaning in life who
determines what is evil and does God
even exist this book is easy to read
because it's divided into a series of
brief essays perfect for a devotional or
discussion with a friend I highly
recommend that you had a copy of
reflections on the existence of God to
your pandemic reading list Simmons also
asks questions that speak directly to
the one most important things you
possess your worldview your worldview as
you know is going to impact the way you
live your life for better or for worse
if you want to challenge yourself to
spiritual and intellectual growth and
willing to ask yourself life's toughest
questions dive in today and click below
to order your copy of reflections on the
existence of God right now reflections
on the existence of God check it out
very important stuff hey folks welcome
back as the Eric Metaxas show we're all
in our respective bunkers as you know my
bunker is three miles vertically below
the earth's surface so I'm safe I need
to be here I have enemies Molly I don't
know where you are I see daylight
shining through the through the blind
behind you that you're obviously
someplace above ground yes for the time
being I actually work from home
typically so this entire quarantine has
not been that different with the
exception that my children are home and
I have to manage all of their summative
for school but other than that it's
largely the same man don't ever have
kids I could have told you okay so but
this is the most important thing behind
you it looks like there's some kind of a
cat painting is that did you do that
whose painting no I I don't know I've
found this I love this kitty cat and I
don't have any pets so this is my
substitute for the time and I and I love
the the porcelain bunny it looks like
braced against the light being blown
back by the is the base of the light oh
is the base of the light well there you
go
yeah he's used to it well about Joe
Biden and my conspiracy theory you were
you just gonna say something I'm sorry I
was gonna say if I'm doing more video
chats I'm definitely gonna like curate
my bookshelf so I have like the best
books that make you seem really erudite
and like right I'm gonna work on that
for the future all of my books which I
know you you have but they're probably
so well filmed they hardly hold together
anymore
I know I know well listen let's talk
about Joe Biden Joe Biden my my crazy
theory all along has been that Hillary
Clinton has been has been waiting in her
crypt to to come out and she knows that
she was born for this moment she knows
that America longs for her to be the
first female president and to take us
away from the madness
of economic sanity and and good
leadership and I just have this crazy
idea that she may be with Andrew Cuomo
as her running mate would be would be
wheeled out and forced on on the
Democratic you know electorate and say
look we want to win we can no longer win
because the Tara Reid stuff is plausible
and or whatever it is but it just seems
to me that this is something that I can
easily see happening just because of how
nefarious Hillary is it has a certain
goodness to it in that there are a lot
of people who love Hillary Clinton and
would love to vote for her again there
are a lot of people who felt a highlight
of their life was watching her lose in
2016 so it could bring joy to large
groups of people to have the same
matchup as was had in 2016 but I don't
know I think there are so many obstacles
the Democratic Party actually has more
control over the delegate process than
the Republican Party does it's kind of
opposite of what you might think um I
don't know if they have that enough
control to be able to force something
like that
I think a lot of people were talking
about Andrew Cuomo particularly early on
before New York became sort of the the
the place where all the bad stuff was
happening with coronavirus although the
media seem to think that that's no
problem no barrier for his future
political rise but the guy who's been
governor for ten years and so really is
responsible for any preparation or lack
thereof for the corona virus pandemic is
somehow having a really good moment I
don't know if the rest of the country
shares the media's viewpoint on his
control of the situation there but the
media claims ridiculous just to give you
a little context about 4,000 years ago
there was a guy named bado O'Rourke and
everybody was getting behind him he was
obviously born for that for the
presidency so the the fecklessness of
the media is it's just it's so
extraordinary that I think that they
they will go with whoever you know
whoever the chattering classes are
talking about yesterday or this morning
you know it doesn't really matter but I
yes if if there were anyone nefarious
enough to pull whatever strings can be
pulled I would say Hillary Clinton is
that person and so I still don't I don't
think it's impossible for something
bizarre like that to happen because I
think let's be honest Joe Biden whatever
polls say he can't possibly win he has
presented himself so tremendously poorly
that I just think a lot of people gonna
stay home and you know that the Bernie
voters are gonna stay home I don't know
again what you said earlier kind of
applies here though he's off the stage
the less people see of him the more they
think of him as the Joe Biden of old the
more moderate less extreme as he's
become guy who seemed kind of friendly
who was with Barack Obama a guy they
generally like so the more he can stay
off the stage the better it can be for
him the problem really seems to be when
he's speaking and it's not like Donald
Trump because some you know like these
are two men who really struggle with
sentences sometimes there's a complete
difference in their struggles
whereas Donald Trump is kind of
circuitous in the way he talks he really
seems to process information and you
know be able to handle like hours long
press conferences Joe Biden seems to
weaken minute by minute we saw that in
the debates we see this even with his
daily press briefing or you know non
press briefings he's having in his home
there are struggles I mean struggles
that I think we're all familiar with
when you when you can't quite capture
the word or and it's not you know it
might not be a barrier but I think it
doesn't quite give the confidence you've
won when you're thinking about making a
switch in a presidency particularly a
switch back to an old way of doing
things that has kind of been rejected I
knew I could count on you for some
actual context I hate you for that I
wanted you to just run with my
conspiracy theory but what are you gonna
do hey speaking of conspiracy theories
and and nightmares let's talk about a
general Flynn for a moment where are we
with that interesting this is a guy who
pled guilty to lying to the FBI about a
conversation he had with
Russian ambassador kiss lyac was a weird
Klee because a lot of people didn't you
know even the people who interviewed him
at the FBI didn't think he was lying it
seemed like she might have been
pressured into doing this reporting that
he prepped he was pressured into doing
it because he was worried about legal
vulnerabilities of one of his children
but the defense our the prosecution has
not been having a particularly good time
in recent weeks and right now we've got
judges considering different things
including release of information that
some have said is exculpatory for for
Mike Flynn we learned yesterday that his
previous attorneys who already were kind
of known to have not done a particularly
good job had forgotten to turn over
thousands like 7,000 pages of documents
that were relevant to a question of
whether Flynn had had good counsel or
not when he was previously served by
Covington's the name of the law firm and
so things look very interesting for Mike
Flynn at the moment he did you know he
already pled guilty it's very difficult
for for anything to change once you've
pled guilty but the prosecution might be
having such a bad time of things they
might might have it we might actually
see some something dramatic happened I
think Trump is brilliantly playing poker
here and when he wins his second term he
will pardon Flynn Andrey nominate him to
the position that he ought to have had
and it will be scorched earth with
Trump's enemies just a thought I think
he'll be pardoned if he needs to be
pardoned but at this point the legal
process itself might take care of the
situation so that would of course be
preferable to you wouldn't want the
legal system to understand if errors
have been made and to correct things now
if they don't I think a pardon is
probably beyond you know I think that
would very likely happen but for his
sake for Flynn's sake it would be nice
to have exoneration in the courts but
you don't think that the president would
Reno monnet Tim to that position and say
hey let's do it on let's go I don't know
I think he's very happy with his current
national security adviser but yes there
that would be kind of interesting and
very a nice a nice circular trumpian
thing
happen in the second term I tell you I
think the way he has been treated I mean
I've spoken this a few times but that if
I hated him because of the way he has
been treated I would just because of the
way I am sympathize with him and
ultimately side with him because I have
never I've never seen anything like it
the viciousness of his enemies has been
to my mind in some cases really
despicable well he and Carter Page stand
out as the two people who really were
most wronged by this treasonous
collusion conspiracy theory that the
media and certain intelligence officials
peddled to the American people but you
know with Carter page it really is just
a horrible thing innocent Americans
spied on and having everything gone
through by his government for more than
a year having his name trashed and
that's really bad with Mike Flynn you
know again whatever you think of him and
I know people who like him or don't like
his policies or whatnot
this guy's a general who served his
country very well who was the victim of
a criminal leak of classified
information by government attorneys that
they peddled it's David Ignatius at the
Washington Post he reprints it accuses
him of a Logan Act violation sets off a
whole string of events and it was really
just horrible well as I say I think that
you know to use the cliche the chickens
are going to come home to roost we have
seen things in the last few years that
we have never seen I mean they just
imagine the idea that we are speaking
about a government collusion narrative
peddle to take down a president I mean
our did we make that up no that happened
I really think you know people are gonna
are gonna have to pay for that one way
or the other I'm so sorry we're out of
time Molly Hemingway it's just great to
have you here we'll get you back as soon
as possible thank you so much sounds
great take care